docs: document hidden file staging and add tests (#1192)
canonical/craft-parts: docs/common/craft-parts/explanation/filesets.rst

The second example selects and discards gzipped files in all nested directories
inside the :file:`usr/share` directory.

Hidden files
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Top-level files and directories starting with ``.`` are not staged by
> default. To stage these hidden files, list them in the stage fileset. To
> stage all files, both visible and hidden, add the corresponding wildcards
> to the stage fileset:
> 
> * :file:`"*"`
> * :file:`".*"`

Reviewer: Here's one way we could differentiate this section:

```suggestion
Top-level files and directories starting with a period (.) aren't staged by
default. To stage such hidden paths individually, list them in the stage fileset.

To stage all paths, both visible and hidden, use these glob patterns:

* Add ``"*"`` for all regular paths.
* Add ``".*"`` for all hidden paths.
```

> * :file:`".*"`

Reviewer: I left a suggestion below. :)
